
What did you think of Google Code?

Google Code makes developing and managing a project much easier with many facilities 
it provides. Especially in group projects, it offers an environment in which team members
can work together on the same project.
I think Google Code is useful not only in team works, but also when working alone on a
project; it provides many utilities such as ordering project documents in a systematic way
and easier monitoring of progress in a project. It was the first time I experienced such 
a teamworking tool but I can easily sense the professional features of the system.
 


What did you think about your project?

When implemented, MOb Project will be a useful project that can be used in various areas,
particularly in social studies. It fits into the new trend of social media. In addition, 
I feel myself lucky to work on this project because I think, MOb Project is more enjoyable 
than the other projects within the scope of this course. 
   


Would you like to work on this project in CMPE 451?

Yes. I have 2 reasons for my wish to work on this project:

First, MOb Project is related to today's life and have a social side in it. If I take a role
in the implementation of this project, I feel myself useful because society benefits from
these kinds of projects.

Second, we've worked on MOb Project whole semester as a group. Hopefully, the project is
almost ready for implementation stage now . I want to see how and to what extend our 
work up to now will work in the implemetation phase of the project.  


 
Do you feel you have gained some idea about the tools and approaches used in software engineering?

Yes. Not only I feel that I gained such idea but also I've realized how little knowledge about
software engineering i had before this course. I plan to use approaches i've learned and tools 
i've used in this course in my future projects. What i've learned about software engineering 
showed me a door and then opened it for me. Now, I see that there are other doors behind this 
door and I have an intention to open them by further exploration. If i take into account the 
possibility of working on various projects in future, I should start immediately to practise 
the taught material in my engineering projects.     

